Add a Communication section to README (#640)
ansible/pylibssh: docs/changelog-fragments/640.doc.rst

> Added a Communication section to the README.rst

Reviewer: This might need to be improved more. It'll be more evident once RTD is fixed.
```suggestion
Added a Communication section to :file:`README.rst`
```

> Added a Communication section to :file:`README.rst`
> -- by :user:`Andersson007`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a :ref:`Communication <communication>` section to the main
documentation page -- by :user:`Andersson007`.
```
